B2B-2557 :Add documentation for the new B2B API (#150)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/rest/b2b/negotiable-manage.md

Commerce creates a negotiable quote in the `Created` state.

### Create draft quote for a buyer

<BetaNote />

The `POST /V1/negotiableQuote/draft` request creates an empty negotiable quote for a specific buyer in the `Draft` state. The quote is not visible to the buyer.

After creating the draft quote, use the [`PUT /V1/negotiableQuote/:quoteId`](negotiable-update.md) request to add items the quote.

**Service Name:**

`negotiableQuoteNegotiableQuoteDraftManagementV1`

**Sample Usage:**

`POST <host>/rest/<store_code>/V1/negotiableQuote/draft`

<CodeBlock slots="heading, code" repeat="2" languages="JSON, JSON" />

#### Payload

```json
{
  "customerId": 3
}
```

#### Response

```json

> // `321`, An integer indicating the new quoteId

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`321`  // An integer indicating the new quoteId
```

```

> ### Submit a negotiable quote to a buyer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Submit a negotiable quote
```

Author: done

> After creating the draft quote and adding details, the seller can submit the negotiable quote to the buyer for review.

Author: @meker12 Could you please suggest text for that ?

> After creating the draft quote and adding details, the seller can submit the negotiable quote to the buyer for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A negotiable quote can be submitted for review when it is in one of the following system states.
```

Author: done

> A quote must have one of the following system states:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-  Created
-  Processing by admin

> -  Submitted by customer

Author: added

> When the negotiable quote is submitted to the buyer:

Author: done

-  Commerce checks catalog prices (price per item), cart rules, and discounts then recalculates the prices and taxes. The shipping price and the negotiated price are not affected (if they are entered into the quote).

> -  Items that are no longer active or available for this buyer are removed from the quote and prices are recalculated.

Author: There is no Send button. This document for REST API.

> -  Items that are no longer active or available for this buyer are removed from the quote and prices are recalculated.

Author: I believe it works as described. Evaluating existing statements in this doc beyond the scope of current update.

Commerce creates a negotiable quote in the `Created` state.

> ### Create Draft negotiable quote

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a negotiable quote for a buyer
```

Author: fixed

> Call to `POST /V1/negotiableQuote/draft` could be used to create an empty negotiable quote for specific buyer in the `Draft` state.
> Use the `PUT /V1/negotiableQuote/:quoteId` call to add quote items. See [Update a negotiable quote](negotiable-update.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `POST /V1/negotiableQuote/draft` call creates an empty negotiable quote for a specific buyer in the `Draft` state. After creating the draft quote, use the `[PUT /V1/negotiableQuote/:quoteId](negotiable-update.md)` call to add items the quote. 
```
```

Author: done

`321`  // An integer indicating the new quoteId
```

> ### Submit a negotiable quote

Reviewer 2: Why do we want to change this?
